'-u' sub-option should not be mixed with other suboption
'-J' sub-option should not be mixed with '-c' or -j or -v suboptions
f Missing firmware directory with -i option
!du5gff
f The specified namespace ID does not exist. 
f Could not format namespaceInvalid Secure Erase Setting!
f Invalid Protection Info SettingInvalid character, MetaDataSize must contain only in numeric value
f Invalid character, LbaDataSize must contain only in numeric valuInvalid LBA Format!
f Must specify either create (-c) or delete (-d) namespace
f Must specify atleast one sub-option!
Cannot combine sub-options -c, -d, -l and -S
f Must specify slcmode (-y) with create (-c) namespace
f LBA size is not valid!
Invalid Syntax. The options -p, -i, -a, -o, -u, -v can be specified only with the format (-f) or create (-c) namespace option.
Invalid Syntax. The options -g, -m , -j, -t can be specified only with format (-f) namespace optionf
Invalid Secure Erase Setting!
Invalid Protection Information!
PI must be enabled if meta-data size is greater than 0 On Linux, the Metadata Status flag is not supported for Metadata sizes greater than 8 On Linux, the Metadata Status flag is only supported for Protection Information values of 1-3.
Must specify Selftest Both '-b' and '-l' sub-options should be specified together
Drive is in a TCG Locked state, please unlock or perform PSID revert before attempting any VU operations
Low Level Format will erase all blocks and format all the bad blocks into the FTL data structures.
Sanitizing the drive will erase all of it's saved data.
Erase All Log Data will erase all log data.
Clear Event Log will clear the event log and reset its counter and total counter to 0.
Clear Error Log will clear the error log table and reset its counter and total counter to 0.
f PSID Revert will permanently erase ALL user data! Please backup all data from the drive before proceeding!
Performing crypto scramble operation will render all user data unreadable.
Performing NOR Erase operation will render user data unreadable.	
Clearing panic dump will result in loss of any panic data.
WARNING: Triggering a panic can cause the system to crash. 
SuperDM may not return properly. 
f Secure Erase will remove all the user data.
WARNING: This drive is part of a logical device, performing this operation may result in corruption of the logical device!
Low Level Format will take a few minutes to complete. Please wait
Clear Error Log will take a few minutes to complete. Please wait
Erase All Log Data will take a few minutes to complete. Please wait
Crypto scramble is in progress. This process will take a few moments.
NOR Erase is in progress. This process will take a few moments.
Secure Erase will take a few minutes to complete. Please wait
f Low Level Format operation failed
Sanitize Block Erase failed 
Erase All Log Data operation failed
Clear event Log operation failed
Clear Error Log operation failed
PSID Revert operation failed
Crypto Scramble operation failed
NOR Erase operation failed
Format Unit operation failed
Secure Erase operation failed
f Low Level Format operation completed successfully. 
Please power cycle he system for setting to take full effect.
Low Level Format operation completed successfully.
Sanitize Block Erase Succeeded
Erase All Log Data operation completed successfully.
ffClear Event Log operation completed successfully
Clear Error Log operation completed successfully
PSID Revert completed successfully
Crypto Scramble operation completed successfully
NOR Erase operation completed successfully.
Format Unit operation completed successfully
f PSID Revert will take a few seconds to complete.
Format Unit will remove all the user data.
WARNING: This drive is part of a logical device, performing this operation may result in corruption of the logical device!
Drive information is retrieved successfully
Listing the drive information failed
Listing the detailed drive information is retrieved successfully
Listing the detailed drive information faile
f PCIe information is retrieved successfully
Getting the PCIe information failed
Drive details in JSON format are retrieved successfully
Getting the drive information failed
Drive details in JSON format are retrieved and saved successfully in the specified json file
Getting the drive information failed
Firmware slot information retrieved successfully
Getting the firmware slot information is failed
Drive information is retrieved successfully
Listing the drive information failed
"msecliStatus":
NA
Drive is in good health
Attention! The Drive is Approaching the end of the Specified Lifetime. Prolonged usage will invalidate the warranty
Attention! The Drive is now in Write Protect(Read Only) Mode. Any pending data should be saved to another storage device
Attention! Drive is in thermal shutdown. Please power off system and allow drive to cool before restarting.
Attention! Drive is in security locked state
Attention! Drive's on board capacitor has failed, drive is now in Write Protect(Read Only) Mode.
Attention! Drive has met or exceeded a SMART threshold!
Attention! Drive has met or exceeded multiple SMART Thresholds!
Attention! Drive has met multiple Critical Warnings!
Attention! Drive is in Write Protect (Read Only) Mode due to degraded device reliability
Attention! Drive temperature is either above or below the temperature threshold.
Attention! Drive is in Write Protect (Read Only) Mode due to degraded device reliability
Attention! Drive is in Write Protect (Read Only) Mode due to degraded device reliability
Attention! Drive is in Write Protect (Read Only) Mode due to degraded device reliability!
Attention! Drive is in Write Protect (Read Only) Mode due to low available free space!
Attention! Drive is in Write Protect (Read Only) Mode due to low available free space
Attention! Drive temperature is either above or below the temperature threshold.
Attention! Drive temperature is either above or below the temperature threshold.
Attention! Drive volatile memory backup device failed.

